feat(branch-keys): add hv-2 spec (#297)
awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification: framework/branch-key-store.md

Author: Change Encryption Context -> AWS KMS Encryption Context and remove active, decrypt_only, ...

Author: Done in 03b76efb0ffa8b78904ffa345c095c5d272dd99a

A Keystore persists hierarchical data that allows customers to call AWS KMS less often.
The Keystore persists branch keys in DynamoDb that wrap multiple data keys.
This creates a hierarchy where a branch key wraps multiple data keys and facilitates caching.

> These branch keys are generated using the [AWS KMS API GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/APIReference/API_GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext.html) in Hierarchy Version `v1` or [AWS KMS API GenerateDataKey](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/APIReference/API_GenerateDataKey.html) in Hierarchy Version `v2`.

Reviewer: super nit
```suggestion
These branch keys are generated using the [AWS KMS API GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/APIReference/API_GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext.html) in Hierarchy Version `v1` and [AWS KMS API GenerateDataKey](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/APIReference/API_GenerateDataKey.html) in Hierarchy Version `v2`.
```

such as a DynamoDb table,
distributed cryptographic agents can use a common, coordinated, cryptographic materials.

This prevents distributed cryptographic agents from independently
generating unique data keys that COULD BE coordinated,
which leads to poor caching performance at decryption,
as each unique encrypting agent had a unique data key.

This Keystore interface defines operations that any implementation of its specification must support and implement.

### Definitions

- [Branch Key(s)](../structures.md#branch-key): Data keys that are reused to wrap unique data keys for envelope encryption.
  For security considerations on when to rotate the branch key, refer to [Appendix B](aws-kms/aws-kms-hierarchical-keyring.md#appendix-b-security-considerations-for-branch-key-rotation).
- [Beacon Key(s)](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-database-encryption-sdk-dynamodb-java/blob/main/specification/searchable-encryption/beacons.md#beacons):
  A root key used to then derive different beacon keys per beacon.
- [UUID](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4122.txt): a universally unique identifier that can be represented as a byte sequence or a string.

> #### kms-arn

Reviewer 2: another nit:
i think kms-arn and hierachy version are meant to be bullet points under definitions and not their own sections?

Reviewer 2: fair, it's just hard to read

then this operation MUST create a [version 4 UUID](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4122.txt)
to be used as the branch key id.

If no Hierarchy-Version is provided,
then this operation MUST use `v1`.

This operation needs to generate the following:

- `version`: a new guid. This guid MUST be [version 4 UUID](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4122.txt)
- `timestamp`: a timestamp for the current time.

>   This timestamp MUST be in ISO 8601 format in UTC, to microsecond precision (e.g. “YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssZ“)

Author: Yes I think I can remove this. already covered on lines 344-5.

>   This timestamp MUST be in ISO 8601 format in UTC, to microsecond precision (e.g. “YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssZ“)

Author: Resolved at [`2d105ea`](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification/pull/297/commits/2d105eacaa95b0cd0647ec5fdcb7f71f77da183d)

>   This timestamp MUST be in ISO 8601 format in UTC, to microsecond precision (e.g. “YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssZ“)

Author: Resolved at [2d105ea](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification/pull/297/commits/2d105eacaa95b0cd0647ec5fdcb7f71f77da183d)

- `branchKeyId`: The identifier
- `encryptionContext`: Additional encryption context to bind to the created keys
- `hierarchy-version`: The hierarchy-version determined by the input

This operation needs to generate the following:

- `version`: a new guid. This guid MUST be [version 4 UUID](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4122.txt)
- `timestamp`: a timestamp for the current time.
  This timestamp MUST be in ISO 8601 format in UTC, to microsecond precision (e.g. “YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssZ“)

> The wrapped Branch Key Items, DECRYPT_ONLY and ACTIVE, MUST be created according to [Wrapped Branch Key Creation](#wrapped-branch-key-creation).

Reviewer 2: +

> The wrapped Branch Key Items, DECRYPT_ONLY and ACTIVE, MUST be created according to [Wrapped Branch Key Creation](#wrapped-branch-key-creation).

Author: And at [`625ec56`](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification/pull/297/commits/625ec56bfa2a27c8b106f2b135216ee63281b3ef)

If the call to AWS KMS GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext succeeds,
the operation MUST use the `CiphertextBlob` as the wrapped Beacon Key.

##### Wrapped Beacon Key Creation `v2`

> The operation MUST create a map of strings,

Author: I will let it be. Map is used in several places.

the [branch key context for beacon keys](#beacon-key-branch-key-context).

The operation MUST calculate the **SHA-384 Digest for the beacon key**
by [serializing](../structures.md#serialization) the [branch key context for beacon keys](#beacon-key-branch-key-context);
the serialization MUST be done according to the [encryption context serialization specification](../structures.md#serialization).

The operation MUST call [AWS KMS API GenerateDataKey](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/APIReference/API_GenerateDataKey.html).
The call to AWS KMS GenerateDataKey MUST use the configured AWS KMS client to make the call.
The operation MUST call AWS KMS GenerateDataKey with a request constructed as follows:

- `KeyId` MUST be the `kms-arn`
- `NumberOfBytes` MUST be 32.

> - `EncryptionContext` MUST be the `encryption-context`

Reviewer 3: I'm saying `encryption-context` is ambiguous. You define out to create branch key context.

> - `EncryptionContext` MUST be the `encryption-context`

Reviewer 4: I think we resolved this via the BKC and other things.

- `GrantTokens` MUST be this keystore's [grant tokens](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#grant_token).

If the call to AWS KMS GenerateDataKey succeeds,
the operation MUST use the `Plaintext` from GenerateDataKey result
as the plain-text Beacon Key.

The operation MUST concatenate the **SHA-384 Digest for the beacon key**
with the plain-text Beacon Key,
creating the **beacon plain-text tuple**.

The operation MUST call [AWS KMS API Encrypt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/APIReference/API_Encrypt.html)
with a request constructed as follows:

- `Plaintext` Must be the **beacon plain-text tuple**
- `KeyId` MUST be the `kms-arn`.
- `GrantTokens` MUST be this keystore's [grant tokens](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#grant_token).
- `EncryptionContext` MUST be the `encryption-context`

If the call to AWS KMS Encrypt succeeds,
the operation MUST use the Encrypt result `CiphertextBlob`
as the wrapped Beacon Key.

#### Wrapped Branch Key Creation

Given a `branchKeyId`, `version`, `timestamp`, `kms-arn`, `encryption-context`, and `hierarchy-version`.

> 

Author: Resolved at [79c5efd](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification/pull/297/commits/79c5efd1381e22fb1fb6905a117fbc09728336a0) and [7d10c1f](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification/pull/297/commits/7d10c1ff868a6b83af19fd210b06b9baf150f0ff)

the serialization MUST be done according to the [encryption context serialization specification](../structures.md#serialization).

The operation MUST call [AWS KMS API GenerateDataKey](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/APIReference/API_GenerateDataKey.html).
The call to AWS KMS GenerateDataKey MUST use the configured AWS KMS client to make the call.
The operation MUST call AWS KMS GenerateDataKey with a request constructed as follows:

- `KeyId` MUST be the `kms-arn`
- `NumberOfBytes` MUST be 32.
- `EncryptionContext` MUST be the `encryption-context`
- `GrantTokens` MUST be this keystore's [grant tokens](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#grant_token).

If the call to AWS KMS GenerateDataKey succeeds,
the operation MUST use the `Plaintext` from GenerateDataKey result
as the plain-text Beacon Key.

The operation MUST concatenate the **SHA-384 Digest for the beacon key**
with the plain-text Beacon Key,
creating the **beacon plain-text tuple**.

The operation MUST call [AWS KMS API Encrypt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/APIReference/API_Encrypt.html)
with a request constructed as follows:

> - `Plaintext` **beacon plain-text tuple**

Reviewer 4: Must be

Author: resolved at [757de04](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification/pull/297/commits/757de044819ab04e1e0835cea793987ba0a46990)

with a request constructed as follows:

- `SourceEncryptionContext` MUST be the [DECRYPT_ONLY encryption context for branch keys](#decrypt_only-encryption-context).

> - `SourceKeyId` MUST be the `kms-arn`.

Reviewer 3: I think you need to define `kms-arn` if you want to simplify this.

Author: I will revert this. This might have come from rebasing after I reverted storage.

Author: I defined it at [`24b76b8`](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification/pull/297/commits/24b76b8d7b6fc956ec6fa5fe4d91c6897169d81c) commit. The definition is neutral - it could be configured (non discovery) or not configured (discovery).

The operation MUST calculate the **SHA-384 Digest for the `DECRYPT_ONLY`**
by [serializing](../structures.md#serialization) the [`DECRYPT_ONLY` branch key context for branch keys](#decrypt_only-branch-key-context);
the serialization MUST be done according to the [encryption context serialization specification](../structures.md#serialization).

The operation MUST generate a map of strings,
the [ACTIVE branch key context for branch keys](#active-branch-key-context).

The operation MUST calculate the **SHA-384 Digest for the `ACTIVE`**
by [serializing](../structures.md#serialization) the [`ACTIVE` branch key context for branch keys](#active-branch-key-context);
the serialization MUST be done according to the [encryption context serialization specification](../structures.md#serialization).

The operation MUST call [AWS KMS API GenerateDataKey](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/APIReference/API_GenerateDataKey.html).
The call to AWS KMS GenerateDataKey MUST use the configured AWS KMS client to make the call.
The operation MUST call AWS KMS GenerateDataKey with a request constructed as follows:

- `KeyId` MUST be the `kms-arn`
- `NumberOfBytes` MUST be 32.

> - `EncryptionContext` MUST be the `encryption-context`

Reviewer 3: Just like you define constructing branch key context, I would do the same for encryption context. Then you can refer to this as a variable :)

> - `EncryptionContext` MUST be the `encryption-context`

Reviewer 4: I really think we can unite around having the `encryption-context` be the value defined in the Smithy Model for the [BranchKeyMaterials#EncryptionContext](https://github.com/aws/aws-cryptographic-material-providers-library/blob/92070bc128da94a24cfb84cc1fdd50f8ce5623f7/AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders/dafny/AwsCryptographyKeyStore/Model/KeyStore.smithy#L331), which is the same value as is defined in [BeaconKeyMaterials#EncryptionContext](https://github.com/aws/aws-cryptographic-material-providers-library/blob/92070bc128da94a24cfb84cc1fdd50f8ce5623f7/AwsCryptographicMaterialProviders/dafny/AwsCryptographyKeyStore/Model/KeyStore.smithy#L347), which is the user determined `encryption-context`. 

Conveniently, this definition aligns with KMS definition of Encryption Context, and the definitions we use elsewhere.

A Key take away from the HV-2 experience is that we should never use names or concepts that collide. 
That will always garner customer confusion, which looses customer's trust.

with a request constructed as follows:

- `Plaintext` **the `DECRYPT_ONLY` plain-text tuple**
- `KeyId` MUST be the `kms-arn`.
- `GrantTokens` MUST be this keystore's [grant tokens](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#grant_token).
- `EncryptionContext` MUST be the `encryption-context`

If the call to AWS KMS Encrypt succeeds,
the operation MUST use the Encrypt result `CiphertextBlob`
as the wrapped `DECRYPT_ONLY` Branch Key.

The operation MUST concatenate the **SHA-384 Digest for the `ACTIVE`**
with the plain-text Branch Key,
creating the **the `ACTIVE` plain-text tuple**.

The operation MUST call [AWS KMS API Encrypt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/APIReference/API_Encrypt.html)
with a request constructed as follows:

- `Plaintext` **the `ACTIVE` plain-text tuple**
- `KeyId` MUST be the `kms-arn`.
- `GrantTokens` MUST be this keystore's [grant tokens](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#grant_token).
- `EncryptionContext` MUST be the `encryption-context`

If the call to AWS KMS Encrypt succeeds,
the operation MUST use the Encrypt result `CiphertextBlob`
as the wrapped `ACTIVE` Branch Key.

> #### Writing Branch Key and Beacon Key to Keystore

Reviewer 4: Branch Key Store table

Every value in the constructed [encryption context](#encryption-context)
except the logical table name
MUST equal the value with the same key in the AWS DDB response item.
The key `enc` MUST NOT exist in the constructed [encryption context](#encryption-context).

The operation MUST call [AWS KMS API ReEncrypt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/APIReference/API_ReEncrypt.html)
with a request constructed as follows:

- `SourceEncryptionContext` MUST be the [encryption context](#encryption-context) constructed above
- `SourceKeyId` MUST be [compatible with](#aws-key-arn-compatibility) the configured KMS Key in the [AWS KMS Configuration](#aws-kms-configuration) for this keystore.
- `CiphertextBlob` MUST be the `enc` attribute value on the AWS DDB response item
- `GrantTokens` MUST be the configured [grant tokens](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#grant_token).
- `DestinationKeyId` MUST be [compatible with](#aws-key-arn-compatibility) the configured KMS Key in the [AWS KMS Configuration](#aws-kms-configuration) for this keystore.
- `DestinationEncryptionContext` MUST be the [encryption context](#encryption-context) constructed above

> #### Authenticating a Keystore item for item with `hierarchy-version` v2

Reviewer 4: Nit: Branch Key Store item.

There are many Key Stores in the world. 
Ours is the Branch Key Store.

Author: Update it as `Authenticating a Branch Keystore item for item with hierarchy-version v(1/2)`

- `DestinationKeyId` MUST be [compatible with](#aws-key-arn-compatibility) the configured KMS Key in the [AWS KMS Configuration](#aws-kms-configuration) for this keystore.
- `DestinationEncryptionContext` MUST be the [encryption context](#encryption-context) constructed above

#### Authenticating a Branch Keystore item for item with `hierarchy-version` v2

The operation MUST use the configured `KMS SDK Client` to authenticate the value of the keystore item.

This operation MUST call AWS DDB `GetItem`.
Every attribute except `enc` on the AWS DDB response item MUST be converted to a set of key value pairs (a Map)

> which is the [branch key context](#branch-key-context). The [encryption context](#encryption-context) is built from branch key context by extracting keys with prefix `aws-crypto-ec:` and then dropping the prefix.
> 

Reviewer 2: should there be a MUST somewhere here? 
```suggestion
which is the [branch key context](#branch-key-context). The [encryption context](#encryption-context) MUST be built from branch key context by extracting keys with prefix `aws-crypto-ec:` and then dropping the prefix.

```

> The operation MUST follow [AWS KMS Branch Key Decryption](#aws-kms-branch-key-decryption) to decrypt and authentication the branch key context.

Reviewer 3: Will this work? "Every key in the constructed [encryption context](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification/blob/aad0ee3b47e9d3d01a625df8a7db89d40957eac3/framework/branch-key-store.md#encryption-context) except tableName MUST exist as a string attribute in the AWS DDB response item."?

## Branch Key Context

Branch Key Context is a set of key value pairs (a Map) that contain contextual information about the Branch Key Item.

The Branch Key Context:

- MUST have a `branch-key-id` key who's value MUST not be an empty string
- MUST have a `type` key who's value MUST not be an empty string
- MUST have a `create-time` key in ISO 8601 format in UTC
- MUST have a `tablename` key who's value is the logicalKeyStoreName
- MUST have a `kms-arn` key who's value is valid KMS ARN
- MUST have a `hierarchy-version` key who's value is either "1" or "2"
- MUST NOT have a `enc` key
- MAY have one or more keys prefixed with `aws-crypto-ec:` which is the encyption context send by the customer.
  The `aws-crypto-ec:` prefix is prepended by the library

### ACTIVE Branch Key Context

The ACTIVE branch key is a copy of the DECRYPT_ONLY with the same `version`.
It is structured slightly differently so that the active version can be accessed quickly.

In addition to the [branch key context](#branch-key-context):

The ACTIVE branch key context value of the `type`key MUST equal to `"branch:ACTIVE"`.
The ACTIVE branch key context MUST have a `version` key.

> The `version` key MUST store the branch key version formatted like `"branch:version:"` + `version`.

Reviewer 4: Issue: This is almost certainty my fault, but we should pick one format for `version`. I think `<version UUID>` is more descriptive than `version`.

```suggestion
The `version` key MUST store the branch key version formatted like `"branch:version:"` + `<version UUID>`.
```

Author: Did it in some commit I can't remember.

https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification/pull/297/files#diff-c6735a6d874d8b9c52040541b81908877a6b9965b51d5b443c35af9895ec8676R771-R773

### DECRYPT_ONLY Branch Key Context

In addition to the [branch key context](#branch-key-context):

The DECRYPT_ONLY branch key context MUST NOT have a `version` key.
The `type` value MUST store the branch key version formatted like `"branch:version:"` + `<version UUID>`.

### Beacon Branch Key Context

In addition to the [branch key context](#branch-key-context):

The Beacon key branch key context MUST includes a key `type` and the value MUST be `"beacon:ACTIVE"`.
The Beacon key branch key context MUST NOT have a `version` key.

## Encryption Context

This section describes how the AWS KMS encryption context is built.

If the `hierarchy-version` is v1, AWS KMS encryption context MUST be same as [branch key context](#branch-key-context).

> If the `hierarchy-version` is v2, AWS KMS encryption context MUST be the [encryption context](../structures.md#encryption-context) send by users without any transformation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the `hierarchy-version` is v2, AWS KMS encryption context MUST be the [encryption context](../structures.md#encryption-context) sent by users without any transformation.
```

> If the `hierarchy-version` is v2, AWS KMS encryption context MUST be the [encryption context](../structures.md#encryption-context) send by users without any transformation.

Reviewer 5: I think you could remove line 790 because you already said that in line 792.

This operation MUST return the constructed [beacon key materials](./structures.md#beacon-key-materials).

## Branch Key Context

Branch Key Context is a set of key value pairs (a Map) that contain contextual information about the Branch Key Item.

The Branch Key Context:

- MUST have a `branch-key-id` key who's value MUST not be an empty string
- MUST have a `type` key who's value MUST not be an empty string
- MUST have a `create-time` key with a value in ISO 8601 format in UTC
- MUST have a `tablename` key who's value is the logicalKeyStoreName
- MUST have a `kms-arn` key who's value is valid KMS ARN
- MUST have a `hierarchy-version` key who's value is either "1" or "2"
- MUST NOT have a `enc` key
- MAY have one or more keys prefixed with `aws-crypto-ec:` which is the encyption context send by the customer.
  The `aws-crypto-ec:` prefix is prepended by the library
- MUST NOT have any other keys apart from the ones mentioned above if `hierarchy-version` is "2"

### ACTIVE Branch Key Context

> The ACTIVE branch key is a copy of the DECRYPT_ONLY with the same `version`.
> It is structured slightly differently so that the active version can be accessed quickly.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The ACTIVE branch key is a copy of a DECRYPT_ONLY with the same `version`.
It is structured slightly differently so that the active version can be accessed quickly.
```

In addition to the [branch key context](#branch-key-context):

> The ACTIVE branch key context value of the `type`key MUST equal to `"branch:ACTIVE"`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The ACTIVE branch key context value of the key `type` MUST equal to `"branch:ACTIVE"`.
```

The Beacon key branch key context MUST includes a key `type` and the value MUST be `"beacon:ACTIVE"`.
The Beacon key branch key context MUST NOT have a `version` key.

## AWS KMS Encryption Context

If the `hierarchy-version` is v1, AWS KMS encryption context MUST be same as [branch key context](#branch-key-context).
If the `hierarchy-version` is v2, AWS KMS encryption context MUST be the [encryption context from authenticated branch key context](#encryption-context-from-authenticated-branch-key-context) without any transformation. This requirement applies regardless of the Branch Key Item's `type`.

## AWS KMS Branch Key Decryption

The operation MUST use the configured `KMS SDK Client` to decrypt the value of the branch key field.

To get attributes in branch key item from the keystore
this operation MUST call AWS DDB `GetItem`.
Every attribute except for `enc` on the AWS DDB response item
MUST be authenticated in the decryption of `enc`

Every key in the constructed [branch key context](#branch-key-context)
except `tableName`
MUST exist as a attribute in the AWS DDB response item.
All attributes in the AWS DynamoDB response item MUST be of type string,

> with the exception of hierarchy-version, which MUST be of type number.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
with the exception of hierarchy-version, which MUST be of type number,
and `enc`, which MUST be of type binary.
```

- MUST have a `hierarchy-version`
- MUST NOT have a `enc` attribute

### ACTIVE Branch Key Context

The ACTIVE branch key is a copy of the DECRYPT_ONLY with the same `version`.
It is structured slightly differently so that the active version can be accessed quickly.

In addition to the [branch key context](#encryption-context):

The ACTIVE branch key context value of the `type` attribute MUST equal to `"branch:ACTIVE"`.
The ACTIVE branch key context MUST have a `version` attribute.
The `version` attribute MUST store the branch key version formatted like `"branch:version:"` + `version`.

### DECRYPT_ONLY Branch Key Context

In addition to the [branch key context](#branch-key-context):

The DECRYPT_ONLY branch key context MUST NOT have a `version` attribute.
The `type` attribute MUST stores the branch key version formatted like `"branch:version:"` + `version`.

### Beacon Key Branch Key Context

In addition to the [branch key context](#encryption-context):

> The Beacon key branch key context value of the `type` attribute MUST equal to `"beacon:ACTIVE"`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The Beacon key branch key context MUST includes a key `type`  and the value MUST be `"beacon:ACTIVE"`.
```

The Beacon key branch key context MUST NOT have a `version` attribute.

## Encryption Context

This section describes how the AWS KMS encryption context is built.

If the `hierarchy-version` is v1, AWS KMS encryption context MUST be same as [branch key context](#branch-key-context).
If the `hierarchy-version` is v2, AWS KMS encryption context MUST be the [encryption context](../structures.md#encryption-context) send by users without any transformation.

> AWS KMS encryption context MUST be always the same encryption context send by user regardless of any variation of encryption context (i.e.: ACTIVE Encryption Context, DECRYPT_ONLY Encryption Context, Beacon Key Encryption Context and Custom Encryption Context).

Reviewer 4: This line reads funny. I think I understand what we are trying to say.
But I think we need to clean it up.

Author: I rephrase it to 

```
If the `hierarchy-version` is v2, the encryption context send to AWS KMS MUST always match the encryption context originally sent by the user, without any variations. This requirement applies regardless of the type of encryption context being used, whether it is the ACTIVE encryption context, the DECRYPT_ONLY encryption context, the Beacon Key encryption context, or a custom encryption context.
```

lmk if you have any suggestion

> If the `hierarchy-version` is v2, the encryption context send to AWS KMS MUST always match the encryption context originally sent by the user, without any variations. This requirement applies regardless of the type of encryption context being used, whether it is the ACTIVE encryption context, the DECRYPT_ONLY encryption context, the Beacon Key encryption context, or a custom encryption context.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If the `hierarchy-version` is v2, the encryption context send to AWS KMS MUST always match the encryption context determined by the user, without any variations. This requirement applies regardless of the Branch Key Item's `type`.
```

> If the `hierarchy-version` is v2, the encryption context send to AWS KMS MUST always match the encryption context originally sent by the user, without any variations. This requirement applies regardless of the type of encryption context being used, whether it is the ACTIVE encryption context, the DECRYPT_ONLY encryption context, the Beacon Key encryption context, or a custom encryption context.

Author: Done: https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification/pull/297/files#diff-c6735a6d874d8b9c52040541b81908877a6b9965b51d5b443c35af9895ec8676R792

## Encryption Context

This section describes how the AWS KMS encryption context is built.

If the `hierarchy-version` is v1, AWS KMS encryption context MUST be same as [branch key context](#branch-key-context).
If the `hierarchy-version` is v2, AWS KMS encryption context MUST be the [encryption context](../structures.md#encryption-context) send by users without any transformation.

AWS KMS encryption context MUST be always the same encryption context send by user regardless of any variation of encryption context (i.e.: ACTIVE Encryption Context, DECRYPT_ONLY Encryption Context, Beacon Key Encryption Context and Custom Encryption Context).

### ACTIVE Encryption Context

If the `hierarchy-version` is v1, ACTIVE Encryption Context is same as [ACTIVE Branch Key Context](#active-branch-key-context)

### DECRYPT_ONLY Encryption Context

If the `hierarchy-version` is v1, DECRYPT_ONLY Encryption Context is same as [DECRYPT_ONLY Branch Key Context](#decrypt_only-branch-key-context)

### Beacon Key Encryption Context

If the `hierarchy-version` is v1, Beacon Encryption Context is same as [Beacon Key Branch Key Context](#beacon-key-branch-key-context)

> ### Custom Encryption Context

Author: This is mentioned in many places. There should be a variation of EC that we can point at saying this is the key value pair what customer has send for which we added the prefix.

- `EncryptionContext` MUST be the [encryption context](#encryption-context) constructed above
- `GrantTokens` MUST be this keystore's [grant tokens](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#grant_token).

Every attribute except for `enc` on the AWS DDB response item
MUST be authenticated in the decryption of `enc`.

> In Hierarchy Version `v1`, when AWS KMS Decrypt succeeds this attribute gets

Author: resolved at [`9c5c281`](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification/pull/297/commits/9c5c2813c3e580812b8449d2d603d4e4e976fe1f)

authenticated by KMS as they are included in the AWS KMS encryption context.
For authentication of these attributes in Hierarchy Version `v2`,

> the operation MUST match the first 48 bytes of `Plaintext` returned by AWS KMS Decrypt operation with SHA-384 Digest for the beacon key of serialization of the [branch key context](#branch-key-context).

Reviewer 2: this section talks about general branch key decryption, i think you may want to ermove beacon key here?

   represented as [AWS DDB Number](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/HowItWorks.NamingRulesDataTypes.html#HowItWorks.DataTypes)

A branch key record MAY include [custom encryption context](#custom-encryption-context) key-value pairs.

> These attributes MUST be always prefixed with `aws-crypto-ec:` regardless of the item's `hierarchy-version`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
These attributes MUST always be prefixed with `aws-crypto-ec:` regardless of the item's `hierarchy-version`.
```
